Name: Crispy, Creamy Chicken Cordon Bleu
Description: There's nothing we love more than a crispy, succulent, perfectly fried piece of chicken. But we also have a soft spot for gourmet indulgences, such as candlelit dinners that feel like a delicious escape. Our easy chicken Cordon Bleu brings together the best of both worlds. It may sound fancy, with its layers of ham and melted cheese tucked inside golden-brown chicken, but at its core, it's just really good fried chicken. So, whether you're dining by candlelight or enjoying a cozy family meal, our crispy and creamy chicken Cordon Bleu will surely be a hit. It's comfort food with a touch of elegance!
Image URL: https://img.buzzfeed.com/thumbnailer-prod-us-east-1/video-api/assets/97867.jpg
Video URL: https://s3.amazonaws.com/video-api-prod/assets/4789269f10fc4ae98bcdceec6daadc15/BFV26853_CrispyCreamyChickenCordonBleu-FB_05.mp4
Image Alt Text: 
Prep Time Minutes: 20
Yields: Servings: 6
Calories: 700
Instruction 1: Sprinkle the chicken breasts with salt, pepper, garlic powder, and onion powder, tossing to coat evenly.
Instruction 2: On a cutting board, place a chicken breast between two sheets of plastic wrap and pound until about ½ inch (1 cm) thick with a meat mallet, rolling pin, or heavy pan.
Instruction 3: Remove the plastic wrap and place 2 slices of Swiss cheese, then 2 slices of ham, then another layer of Swiss cheese, and another layer of ham. Evenly roll the chicken and place onto a new sheet of plastic wrap.
Instruction 4: Wrap the chicken in the plastic wrap tightly and use the excess plastic on the sides to twist, firming up the roll of chicken cordon bleu as you work. Tie the excess plastic. Repeat with the remaining ingredients, then chill the rolls in the fridge to set for 30 minutes.
Instruction 5: Meanwhile, preheat a tall-sided pan with 2 inches (5 cm) of oil to 325°F (170°C).
Instruction 6: After the rolls are set, prepare 2 separate large, wide dishes with the flour, beaten egg, and bread crumbs. Dredge the chicken first in the flour, then the egg, and then bread crumbs.
Instruction 7: Place the breaded chicken cordon bleu in the oil and cook for about 5 minutes per side, or until the outside is an even golden brown. If a good color is achieved and the chicken’s center is still not 165°F (75°C), place the chicken cordon bleu on a wire rack set over a baking sheet and finish the chicken in the oven at 325°F (170°C) until that temperature is reached.
Instruction 8: Meanwhile, prepare the sauce. In a 1 ½-quart saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and cook the garlic until soft. Add the flour and whisk for 1 minute.
Instruction 9: Add the milk and whisk until fully combined with the roux and no lumps remain. Continue whisking until the mixture comes to a simmer and has thickened.
Instruction 10: Add the mustard, Parmesan cheese, salt, and pepper and whisk to combine. Remove the pan from the heat.
Instruction 11: Slice the chicken and serve drizzled with Dijon sauce.
Instruction 12: Enjoy!
