Name: Whiskey-Glazed Chicken And Shrimp With Garlic Mashed Potatoes
Description: A homestyle take on a restaurant favorite, crispy chicken breasts and panko-breaded shrimp are coated in a sweet and savory whiskey glaze. It’s all served up with a side of roasted garlic mashed potatoes. This content is intended solely for users of legal drinking age. Drink responsibly.
Image URL: https://img.buzzfeed.com/thumbnailer-prod-us-east-1/video-api/assets/253889.jpg
Video URL: https://s3.amazonaws.com/video-api-prod/assets/04fa1827c57e450ca0796e77033106b0/BFV63860_WhiskeyGlazedChickenandShrimp_KP_020320_v02_OO.mp4
Image Alt Text: 
Prep Time Minutes: 20
Yields: Servings: 2
Instruction 1: Preheat the oven to 350°F (180°C).
Instruction 2: Drizzle the halved head of garlic with the olive oil and season with ½ teaspoon salt and ¼  teaspoon pepper. Wrap the garlic in foil.
Instruction 3: Bake for 40–50 minutes, until the garlic cloves are golden and tender. Set aside to cool.
Instruction 4: Season the chicken on both sides with 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper.
Instruction 5: Add the eggs and panko to 2 shallow dishes.
Instruction 6: Coat the chicken breasts in the eggs, then dredge in the bread crumbs, making sure bread crumbs adhere to the chicken.
Instruction 7: Heat 3 tablespoons of vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat until shimmering. Working in batches to avoid overcrowding the pan, add the chicken to the hot oil and cook until golden brown on both sides and cooked through, 5–8 minutes.  Remove the chicken from the pan and set aside. Wipe out the pan to remove any remaining oil and bread crumbs.
Instruction 8: Season the shrimp with ¼ teaspoon pepper and ½ teaspoon salt. Coat the shrimp in the eggs, then dredge in the bread crumbs, making sure the bread crumbs adhere to the shrimp.
Instruction 9: Heat the remaining 3 tablespoons of oil in the same pan over medium heat. When the oil is shimmering, add the shrimp to the skillet and cook for 2–3 minutes per side, or until golden brown. Remove the shrimp from the pan and set aside. Wipe out the pan to remove any remaining oil and bread crumbs.
Instruction 10: Make the whiskey glaze: Squeeze the cloves from one half of the roasted garlic head into a medium bowl. Using the back of a fork, mash the garlic cloves into a paste. Add the pineapple juice, water, soy sauce, teriyaki sauce, and brown sugar. Whisk until the sugar dissolves.
Instruction 11: Pour the sauce into the same skillet and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Once simmering, whisk in the lemon zest and juice, onion, crushed pineapple, whiskey, and cayenne. Gently simmer for 20–30 minutes, or until the sauce is thick and syrupy.
Instruction 12: While sauce is cooking, make the mashed potatoes: Add the potatoes to a large pot and cover with cold water by 1 inch (2 ½ cm). Bring to a boil over high heat and cook until fork-tender, about 20 minutes.
Instruction 13: Drain the potatoes and return to the warm pot. Add the remaining half head of roasted garlic cloves. Mash into the potatoes with a potato masher or wooden spoon. Add the butter and cream and stir to incorporate. Season with the remaining salt and pepper.
Instruction 14: Return the chicken and shrimp to the skillet and turn to coat in the sauce. Transfer the chicken and shrimp to plates with a few spoonfuls of the mashed potatoes and garnish with the parsley.
Instruction 15: Enjoy!
